Update CONTRIBUTING and README #1808 (#1937)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Conventions for git and GitHub

🔶 Naming convention for branches

Follow the [best-practices for git branching naming convention](https://codingsight.com/git-branching-naming-convention-best-practices/).
The convention is `type`-`issue-nr`-`short-description`

**type**

* master / main / stable - includes the current stable version
* dev - includes all current developments
* feature - includes the feature that will be implemented
* release - includes the current version to be released

The majority of the ontology development will be done in `feature` branches.

**issue-nr**

Add the issue number where you describe, discuss and document your development.

**short-description**

Describe shortly what the branch is about. Avoid long and short descriptive names for branches, 2-4 words are optimal.

Other hints:
- Separate words with `-` (minus)
- Do not put your name to the branch name, it's a collaborative project
- Avoid using numbers only 
- Branch names should be precise and informative
- Avoid using capital letters

Examples of branch names : `feature-43-add-new-ontology-class` or `feature-711-branch-naming-convention`

🔶 Commit messages

> Try to follow esxisting conventions for commit messages:

Author: Fixed the typo

    If the change involves adding content (A), a domain expert should review the issue. If the change involves restructuring the ontology (B), an ontology expert should review. If the change involves both changes to content and restructuring (B and C), it is best to ask both an ontology expert and a domain expert to review. See the section "Teams tag" of the [README](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/blob/dev/README.md) for more information about the expertise of the different team members.

#### Merge your Changes after Approval

12. 🐙 Check that, after this whole process, your branch does not have conflicts with `dev` (GitHub will prevent you from merging if there are conflicts). In case of conflicts you are responsible for fixing them on your branch before you merge (see below "Fixing merge conflicts" section). If you need help, write a comment in the PR and ask for help from the ontology-expert-team.
    

> 13. 🐙 Once approved, merge the PR into `dev` and delete the branch on which you were working. In the merge message on github, you can notify people who are currently working on other branches that you just merged into `dev`, so they know they have to check for potential conflicts with `dev`.

Reviewer: GitHub has three versions of merging (which can be switched when clicking the arrow-down on the right side of the `Merge pull request` button): `Create a merge commit`, `Squash and merge` and `Rebase and merge`. Although the difference between them is relatively minor, might be nice to mention here, that either option is feasible?

Reviewer 2: Good point. Probably, there is a github tutorial on merging that we could link to?

Reviewer: This seems like a good source: https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github

Author: I added a little section for this as suggested.

#### Merge your Changes after Approval

12. 🐙 Check that, after this whole process, your branch does not have conflicts with `dev` (GitHub will prevent you from merging if there are conflicts). In case of conflicts you are responsible for fixing them on your branch before you merge (see below "Fixing merge conflicts" section). If you need help, write a comment in the PR and ask for help from the ontology-expert-team.
    
13. 🐙 Once approved, merge the PR into `dev` and delete the branch on which you were working. In the merge message on github, you can notify people who are currently working on other branches that you just merged into `dev`, so they know they have to check for potential conflicts with `dev`.

**Hint**

> GitHub has three versions of merging: 'Create a merge commit', 'Squash and merge' and 'Rebase and merge'. All tree are explained in [this article.](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github) <br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GitHub has three versions of merging: 'Create a merge commit', 'Squash and merge' and 'Rebase and merge'. All three are explained in [this article.](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/configuring-branches-and-merges-in-your-repository/configuring-pull-request-merges/about-merge-methods-on-github) <br>
```

4. 📝 The conflicts have to be [manually](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/resolving-a-merge-conflict-using-the-command-line) resolved
    

### Communicate

> Feel free to ask the community if you need help. We are happy to support you. If you want to contact specific teammembers or experts, please check out the Team section of our [README](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology/blob/dev/README.md) file. Use the [OEP contact form](https://openenergyplatform.org/contact/) if you want to become a team member.

Reviewer: Might be nice to directly link to said section? Also, strictly speaking it is the `Teams` section.
```suggestion
Feel free to ask the community if you need help. We are happy to support you. If you want to contact specific teammembers or experts, please check out the Teams section of our [README](https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology?tab=readme-ov-file#teams) file. Use the [OEP contact form](https://openenergyplatform.org/contact/) if you want to become a team member.
```

Reviewer 2: Although the teams need a rework aswell ...
